## **I'm the author of JBidwatcher, and I'm asking for your help.**

Please support JBidwatcher and myself with a donation of
[$20](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jbidwatcher%40jbidwatcher.com&item_name=JBidwatcher+Software&cn=Personal+message+to+Morgan&amount=20.00&no_shipping=1&return=http%3A//www.jbidwatcher.com/donation_thanks.html),
[$10](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jbidwatcher%40jbidwatcher.com&item_name=JBidwatcher+Software&cn=Personal+message+to+Morgan&amount=10.00&no_shipping=1&return=http%3A//www.jbidwatcher.com/donation_thanks.html),
or [choose an amount you feel comfortable with](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jbidwatcher%40jbidwatcher.com&item_name=JBidwatcher+Software&cn=Personal+message+to+Morgan&no_shipping=1&return=http%3A//www.jbidwatcher.com/donation_thanks.html).

<small>If the links don't work, you can always go to [http://www.jbidwatcher.com](http://www.jbidwatcher.com)
and click 'Donate' on the left.</small>

I work hard to make JBidwatcher useful. If it has been, and you are in a position to help, it would mean a
lot to me and my family.

Here are the answers to a few questions you may have:

## Why are you asking for money?

I've been unemployed since October. I have been looking for work, but I have reached the end of my emergency
fund.  Things are getting better, but it's still a very tight job market, and I'm having trouble balancing
bills, mortgage, and supporting my family.

I know it's an uncomfortable thing to do, and it's not a request I make lightly, but it's a dire need.

## Couldn't you just sell JBidwatcher?

JBidwatcher is free software, and I see it remaining that way.  You have treated me well over the last dozen
years, and switching to a for-pay-only model seems a poor repayment.  That said, I am definitely looking into
ways to provide additional features that are worthy of being paid for.

One approach would be to provide a premium sniping service, for people who don't want to worry about their
computers going to sleep, or the program running when it's time for a snipe.  JBidwatcher would, of course,
continue to be capable of sniping directly, but in addition you could have my service act as a 'backup snipe'
in case something went wrong on your computer.

The premium sniping service approach is especially tempting because I'd love to provide a mobile sniping
tool.  If I do, it _must_ have a server component, because none of the popular mobile platforms have the
capability to consistently snipe in the background.  If I build a sniping service, I will definitely provide
for folks who help me reach that point.

## Didn't you do this before?

Yes.  In 2009, 3 years ago, I had a similar problem.  I made it through a very bad period with the immense
help of JBidwatcher users.  I built back up, extended my financial buffers, and thought I was in a good
position to not have to ask for help again.  I was wrong.  Mainly I underestimated the skyrocketing cost of
medical insurance for a family.

If you donated in 2009 and don't feel that you got value from it, please take my thanks for your help, and
my apologies for not delivering the value you had hoped for.  If you feel JBidwatcher has continued to be
useful, though, I'd very much appreciate it again.

Most companies ask for upgrade costs and such much more often than 3 years, and it's not optional.  I trust
in my users, and I wouldn't be asking if the situation were less dire.

## What happens if I don't contribute?

Nothing changes for JBidwatcher; I'm just asking for help.  I've been building JBidwatcher for a long time,
and while it (and eBay) frustrates me sometimes, I still love working on it.  I'm still going to develop it,
fix bugs, try to support folks as best as I can, and deliver a great sniping application.  I love providing
something of value, and I hope that JBidwatcher continue to be valuable to you.

If you can help me get over this hopefully brief hiccup, it would mean a great deal to me.

Thank you for taking the time to read this, and for any
[support](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=jbidwatcher%40jbidwatcher.com&item_name=JBidwatcher+Software&cn=Personal+message+to+Morgan&no_shipping=1&return=http%3A//www.jbidwatcher.com/donation_thanks.html)
you can provide.

<center>-- _Morgan Schweers, Cyber**FOX**!_</center>
